.TH bigmc 1  "July 24, 2011" "version 0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
bigmc \- bigraphical model checker
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bigmc
[\-hlpvV] [\-G file] [\-m steps] [\-r steps] [\-t threads] [file.bgm]
.SH DESCRIPTION
BigMC provides a means of constructing specifications of properties
of Bigraphical Reactive Systems (BRS), and checking these properties
through an exhaustive search of some state space.
.PP
BigMC performs only explicit-state checking, and presently has
no support for symbolic model-checking.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h
display usage information and exit.
.TP
\-l
employ only local checking. This avoids building the transition system
and saves memory when checking large models, but limits the properties
that you can check to those relating only to a single agent.
.TP
\-v
print version information and exit.
.TP
\-V \-VV
increase the verbosity of the information that is output during execution.
.TP
\-G file
if set, output a graphviz file suitable for rendering with dot to file.
.TP
\-m steps
set the maximum number of steps of reaction that may be performed.
.TP
\-p
print new states as they are discovered.
.TP
\-r steps
set the frequency with which statistics about the graph and
work queue are output while running.
.TP
\-t threads
instruct the checker to run t parallel threads. Defaults to 2.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run a large model in local checking mode with three parallel threads:
.B bigmc
\-l \-t 3 example.bgm
.PP
.TP
Set a maximum number of steps while outputting a dot graph:
.B bigmc
\-m 10000 \-G graph.dot example.bgm
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
bigmc returns a non-zero status in the event of an error, or zero
if the model checking process terminates by finding a property
violation, exhausting all possible states, or is interrupted by
reaching the maximum number of steps.
.SH AUTHOR
Gian Perrone (gdpe (at) itu.dk)
.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
This work funded in part by the Danish Research Agency 
(grant no.: 2106-080046) and the IT University of Copenhagen
(the Jingling Genies project)

